---
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: View Backup Overview
title: View Backup Overview
id: backup_user_guide_20
---
# View Backup Overview

On the **Overview** page of **Backup and Disaster Recovery**, you can view the overall status of protected virtual machines, execution record summary of backup plans, status information of backup plans, capacity usage of backup repositories, and health status of the backup service.

- **Protected Resources**

  Select the **Virtual Machines** tab to view the total number of unprotected virtual machines and protected virtual machines in all SMTX OS (ELF) clusters currently managed by CloudTower, as well as the ratio of the total number of protected virtual machines to the total number of virtual machines.

- **Execution Records**

  Select the **Virtual Machines** tab to view the execution status of all virtual machine backup plans and replication plans. Green indicates that the task was executed successfully, and red indicates that the task failed.

- **Backup Plans**

  View the total number of created backup plans, the number of active backup plans, and the number of paused backup plans.

- **Backup File Compression Ratio**

  View the global backup compression ratio. This only counts the compression of recovery points successfully generated by backup plans with compression enabled. Compression ratio = Effective Backup Capacity / Total Backup File Capacity.

  - Effective Backup Capacity: The sum of the effective backup capacity of recovery points successfully generated by all backup plans with compression enabled. Effective capacity is the capacity size before backup file compression.

  - Total Backup File Capacity: The sum of the backup file sizes of recovery points successfully generated by all backup plans with compression enabled.

- **Total Backup Repository Capacity**

  View the total capacity, capacity usage, used capacity, and unused capacity of all backup repositories.

- **Capacity Usage**

  View the capacity usage of all backup repositories.

- **Backup Service**

  View information about all backup services, including the backup service name, version number, status (including deploying, upgradable, upgrading, uninstalling, and abnormal; not displayed means the status is normal), the number of associated SMTX OS clusters, the number of backup repositories, and the number of backup plans.
