---
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: Set Recovery Point Retention Policy
title: Set Recovery Point Retention Policy
id: backup_user_guide_23
---

# Set Recovery Point Retention Policy

  Set the retention policy for recovery points. The retention policy applies only to recovery points generated by automatic execution of a backup plan; recovery points created by manually running a backup plan are retained permanently.

  <table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
    <th>Configuration Item</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
    <td>Retain by time</td>
    <td>Retain recovery points from the last n days.
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Retain by count</td>
    <td>Retain the last n recovery points.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Retain permanently</td>
    <td>Retain recovery points permanently</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  </table>

  >**Note**:
  >
  >The backup service uses a full + incremental combined backup method. After a full backup is performed, subsequent incremental backups are all based on the previous backup. When restoring a virtual machine, a complete full backup recovery point and all incremental recovery points are required. Therefore, to ensure that virtual machines can be restored normally, the backup service retains the full recovery point and all incremental recovery points, even if the number of recovery points exceeds the retention range. When the next full backup and its related incremental backup recovery points meet the corresponding retention policy, the previous full backup and its related incremental backup recovery points will be deleted.
  >
  >For example: the backup service performs one full backup every day at 00:00 and one incremental backup every hour. If the configured recovery point retention policy is 7 copies, then at 5:00 on the current day, all full recovery points and incremental recovery points generated from 00:00 of the previous day to 5:00 of the current day will be retained, for a total of 30 copies; after 6:00, all recovery points generated on the previous day will be deleted, and only recovery points generated from 00:00 of the current day onward will be retained, ensuring that the most recent 7 recovery points are kept.
