---
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: Delete Recovery Points
title: Delete Recovery Points
id: backup_user_guide_19
---

# Delete Recovery Points

Recovery points can be deleted automatically or manually, depending on how they were created.

- Recovery points generated by automatically executed backup plans are retained according to the recovery point retention policy. Recovery points that exceed the retention range are deleted automatically, and you can also delete them manually.
- Recovery points generated by manually executed backup plans are retained permanently by default and can only be deleted manually.

>**Note**:
>
>When manually deleting recovery points, depending on the recovery point type:
>- If the current recovery point uses a full backup type, all incremental recovery points that depend on this recovery point will also be deleted at the same time;
>- If the current recovery point uses an incremental backup type, all full and incremental recovery points that this recovery point depends on, as well as all incremental recovery points that depend on this recovery point, will also be deleted at the same time.

**Prerequisites**

When manually deleting recovery points, ensure that there are no backup tasks or recovery tasks currently depending on these recovery points.

**Procedure**

1. On the **Backup** page, select **Backup Plans**, choose a backup plan, and click the backup plan name to open the backup plan details page.

2. Select **VM Recovery Points**, click the VM name, and delete recovery points on the right page using one of the following methods.

    - Click **...** to the right of a recovery point and select **Delete** to delete that recovery point.

    - Select the checkbox to the left of one or more recovery points, then click **Delete** in the upper-right corner to delete them.

    - Click **...** on the right side of the page and select **Delete All Recovery Points** to delete all recovery points for that VM.

3. In the dialog box that appears, confirm the prompt information and click the Delete button to complete the deletion.
